add rogue scholar post (#59)
OBF/OBF.github.io: content/posts/2025-04-02-archiving-obf-posts.md

And while we have successfully managed to do so, we thought it would be nice to have some backup plans in place.

Which is why this blog is now also archived for the long-term with the help of [_Rogue Scholar_](https://rogue-scholar.org/), to ensure that our blog posts remain part of the extended scholarly record.
_Rogue Scholar_ makes use of open technologies to both archive the full-text of our blog posts itself, but also makes sure that they are archived in [The Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/) of the Internet Archive semiannually.

To ensure the long-term findability, _Rogue Scholar_'s archive contains rich metadata and also assigns a DOI for each blog post enlisted.
Thanks to this, blog posts don't only have a stable identifier that can perpetually link to the correct places, this also means that our blog posts will have a stable and **citable identifier**, which allows them to become objects that are more easily citable within the scientific record. 

> In the future, we plan to surface those DOI more easily through our blog itself, but [already now you can find all of our posts listed on Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/communities/obf/records?q=&l=list&p=1&s=10&sort=newest).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the future, we plan to expose those DOIs more easily through our blog itself, but [already now you can find all of our posts listed on Rogue Scholar](https://rogue-scholar.org/communities/obf/records?q=&l=list&p=1&s=10&sort=newest).
```
